Project: ASL Glove
Team Members: Sumati Gupta, Haritha Patil, Indraja Venigandla, and Sangam Shrestha. 

Problem Description
Most people have a hard time understanding American Sign Language (ASL). When they come across a situation where they need to communicate or understand sign language, they require a human or electronic translator. This leads to alienation and miscommunication between two groups of people. 
To reduce such alienation, we propose a child-friendly educational tool which will help people get acclimated to and learn sign language. 
Project Description
The aim of this project is to design a glove that can be used to teach the ASL alphabet. This glove will have flex sensors integrated into it, which will detect and keep track of various gestures for alphabets used in ASL and display them on an LCD screen. 

Expectations and Deliverables 

The final design for the ASL glove will be able to:

1. Accurately recognize the intended ASL letter within 0.5-1 seconds of the user signing the letter 
2. Display the intended letter on an LCD screen within 0.5-1 seconds of recognizing the intended letter 
3. Calibrate itself so that different users can seamlessly use it. The calibration process should take 30 seconds in total. 
4. Establish bluetooth communications between the glove and the LCD screen 

The code in "Final Code" directory contains two directories, "Glove" and "LCD". 
The Glove dicrectory deals with the code related to the transmitter (the MCU connected to glove) and LCD directory deals with the code related to receiver (the MCU connected to the segment display).
For more technical details, refer to the Final Report. 

How to use project:
1. Connect both FRDM boards to power supply
2. Press the button to indicate you should calibrate the flex sensors. When the LED is green, strech your fingers and when it is read, bend your fingers. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QInGuYTodQ)
3. Once the system is calibrated, Sign any letter you want and see it display on the 16-segment display. 

Video demonstration:
1. Letters "A", "B", and "C" displayed based on finger positions - https://youtu.be/_WVLcP_ZgN8 
2. Letter "D" displayed based on finger positions - https://youtu.be/m7DSW6J3_eg 
3. Letter "I" displayed based on finger positions - https://youtu.be/3a8Pn2bjF5I 

Future improvements:
1. Use an LCD Screen instead of segment display
2. Increase accuracy 
3. Parallel ADC readings
4. Use a PCB 
5. incoperate words and phrases, so it can we used as a communication tool rather than an education tool. 
6. Use Battery packs as power supply instead of power bank.
